     MOUSE.PRG
     ---------
     You  all  know  the  mice, connected with a serial port of a PC. This
     driver  gives  you  the  possibility to use them on an serial port of
     your ST, TT or Falcon.


     Installation:
     ------------
     Start  GENMOUSE.PRG  and  select the port your mouse is connected to.
     The  checkbox 'Logitech' is for a mouse of this company, the checkbox
     'left-handed' swaps left for right button of your mouse.
     Place the program at "C:\AUTO\" - and restart your computer (or start
     it from the desk).
     You can use both, standard mouse and serial mouse, at the same time.


     Attention:
     ---------
     Programs  that  changing  parameters  of the serial port handicap the
     driver.  So  if  you want to use the 'SERIAL.CPX' you have to set the
     parameters  of  the  mouseport to 1200 8N1 for a serial mouse or 1200
     7n1 for a Logitech mouse.


     There are different possibilities for the use of
      The middle mouse button:
      -----------------------
     - Simulate a doubleclick of the left button by pressing it once.
     - Holding  it  down and using the left mouse button, the shift-key is
       simulated  -  so one can select some elements of a list (some files
       in a desk window).
     - On  newer versions of the desk one can move and rename a file whith
       drag and drop and holding down the 'alt' or 'control'-key.
       Now you can do that without grabbling at the keyboard: Clicking the
       middle button while dragging files holding down the left button.
       Clicking  once simulates 'control' (move). Clicking twice simulates
       'alternate' (rename).  Another  click  makes  the desktop think one
       hold  down  'control'  +  'alt' (move and rename). The fourth click
       stops all that nightmare.


     Trouble: > My middle mouse button won't work <
     -------
     The  middle  mouse button isn't supported by MS-mode (one more reason
     for  <hating microsoft). So if you find a switch at the bottom of the
     mouse  set it to PC-mode. Another (not so comfortable) way is holding
     down  the  left  mouse button while switching on your computer, cause
     serial (not logitech) mice start working in MS-mode normally.
     A number of mice i saw own no switch, but when you open the case, you
     can  find  the place for it. (there must be three not used holes in a
     row, in some cases you can read >SW< or so near this place).
     Connecting  the  middle  pin with one of the others using a wire will
     teach PC-mode to the mouse - try it out (but at your own risk).

     If  someone  know  a  way  to switch the mouse-protocol by a software
     solution, please contact me.

     This program is placed in the public domain.

           Good Hacking, T34             Rostock, march 31 1995

     E-Mail: t34@physik1.uni-rostock.de
